Learn how to use GraphQL on the Frontend

Here’s an overview of the frontend tutorials we offer:

    React & Apollo (Beginners Choice): If you’re new to GraphQL, this is the tutorial for you. Apollo Client makes it super easy to get started with GraphQL on the frontend by providing a flexible, yet powerful and intuitive API that gives you everything you need when developing applications.
    React & Relay: Relay is the GraphQL client that was developed by Facebook and is heavily optimized for performance. Using Relay requires an advanced understanding of GraphQL and React. Choose this tutorial to learn everything you need to know to get started with Facebook’s data management framework.
    Vue & Apollo: Vue is a progressive JavaScript framework for building user interfaces.
    Angular & Apollo: Angular is a MVW (Model-View-Whatever) JavaScript framework for building web applications.
    Ember & Apollo: Ember is a JavaScript framework for creating ambitious web application.
    React Native & Apollo (Coming Soon): Expo is a React Native toolchain to build native apps with JavaScript and React. In this tutorial, you’ll learn how you can build a mobile app with GraphQL, based on Expo and Apollo Client.
    VulcanJS (Coming Soon): VulcanJS is a fullstack JavaScript framework that let’s you build GraphQL apps with React, Apollo Client and Meteor.

Build your own GraphQL Server

Choose your favorite programming language to get started with GraphQL on the server-side:

    JavaScript: This tutorial uses the graphql-js reference implementation that’s developed by Facebook. You’ll build a web server using Node.js, the Express framework as well as the graphql-tools library.
    Ruby: Learn how to build a GraphQL server in Ruby with this tutorial based on the graphql-ruby library.
    Java: Learn how to build a GraphQL server in Java with this tutorial based on the graphql-java library.
    Elixir: Learn how to build a GraphQL server in Elixir with this tutorial based on the Absinthe library.
    Python: Learn how to build a GraphQL server in Python with this tutorial based on the Graphene library.
    Graphcool: Graphcool is a powerful development framework combineing GraphQL and Serverless technologies to provide you with the best tools to build the backend for your next app. Learn how to leverage the features of Graphcool to build a production-ready GraphQL server.
    Scala (Coming Soon): Learn how to build a GraphQL server in Scala with this tutorial based on the Sangria library.